README.md, before:

# Log Changed Properties in a React Component

This HOC (High Order Component) will wrap an existing class or
function component and track properties that changed.

This is useful if you're building a memoized component but it keeps
rendering and you want to know the property that is causing that.

It's meant to be used during development, production builds should
remove it.

## Example

```typescript
import withPropsChangeLogger from '@profusion/with-props-change-logger';

function MyComponent(props: { a: number[] }) {
  return (
    <div>{JSON.stringify(a)}</div>
  );
}

const LoggedComponent = withPropsChangeLogger(MyComponent);

function OtherComponent() {
  return (
    <LoggedComponent a={[1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8]}>
  );
}
```

When changed (say from `[1234]` to `[1,2,3,4,5,6,7,8]`), produces:

```
PROP CHANGED: SimpleComponent a from:
	[1234]
to:
	[1,2,3,4,5,6,7,8]
PROP RE-RENDERED DUE PROPS: SimpleComponent
```

**NOTE:** objects (including arrays) and functions are compared just
like React does, using a _shallow comparison_! It doesn't matter if
the properties, array elements or the function body are the same, if
the instance is different, they will be logged.
Be sure to keep it stable (ie: using the old instances) with
`useMemo()`, `useRef()` or `useCallback()`.

### Verbosity

If you find the amount of information too verbose, you may want to
provide `verbose: false` and it will show only the `typeof` result, such
as:

```typescript
const LoggedComponent = withPropsChangeLogger(MyComponent, {
  verbose: false,
});
```

Produces:

```
PROP CHANGED: SimpleComponent a from: object to: object
PROP RE-RENDERED DUE PROPS: SimpleComponent
```

Commit message:

feat: automatically disable it in production builds
This commit reduces the burden for the developer to remove the HOC, before
going to PROD. Having this in mind, it uses the same approach as the
prop-types library, wher checks are completely disabled.

README.md, after:

# Log Changed Properties in a React Component

This HOC (High Order Component) will wrap an existing class or
function component and track properties that changed.

This is useful if you're building a memoized component but it keeps
rendering and you want to know the property that is causing that.

It's meant to be used during development, in production it's automatically disabled.

> Note: Keep in mind that the `__DEV__` global var should be `true` or `process.env.NODE_ENV` should be `production`

## Example

```typescript
import withPropsChangeLogger from '@profusion/with-props-change-logger';

function MyComponent(props: { a: number[] }) {
  return (
    <div>{JSON.stringify(a)}</div>
  );
}

const LoggedComponent = withPropsChangeLogger(MyComponent);

function OtherComponent() {
  return (
    <LoggedComponent a={[1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8]}>
  );
}
```

When changed (say from `[1234]` to `[1,2,3,4,5,6,7,8]`), produces:

```
PROP CHANGED: SimpleComponent a from:
	[1234]
to:
	[1,2,3,4,5,6,7,8]
PROP RE-RENDERED DUE PROPS: SimpleComponent
```

**NOTE:** objects (including arrays) and functions are compared just
like React does, using a _shallow comparison_! It doesn't matter if
the properties, array elements or the function body are the same, if
the instance is different, they will be logged.
Be sure to keep it stable (ie: using the old instances) with
`useMemo()`, `useRef()` or `useCallback()`.

### Verbosity

If you find the amount of information too verbose, you may want to
provide `verbose: false` and it will show only the `typeof` result, such
as:

```typescript
const LoggedComponent = withPropsChangeLogger(MyComponent, {
  verbose: false,
});
```

Produces:

```
PROP CHANGED: SimpleComponent a from: object to: object
PROP RE-RENDERED DUE PROPS: SimpleComponent
```
